Update `Bazel/Intellij integration` docs (#7532)
digital-asset/daml: BAZEL.md

Click "Next" once you are ready. You will be able to modify the project view
file whenever you like, so don't worry too much.
 
The first import of the project might fail due to a resolution error of the `bazel` binary. 
In order to solve this, configure the Bazel plugin settings with the location

> of the `bazel` binary: `Preferences -> Bazel Settings -> Bazel binary location` (i.e. `./dev-env/bin/bazel`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the `bazel` binary, by setting _Preferences_ -> _Bazel Settings_ -> _Bazel binary location_ to `./dev-env/bin/bazel`.
```

> Now, re-trigger a sync of the workspace (Intellij Action: _Sync project with BUILD files_). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, re-trigger a sync of the workspace (IntelliJ Action: _Sync project with BUILD files_). 
```
